```
==================================================================
                                                                  
      zzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz z z  z   z  
     zz          zz                                               
    zz          zz  aaaa     ppppp  iiii  tttttttttt              
  zzzzzzzz     zz  aa   a    pp  pp  ii       tt                  
        zz    zz  aa  a  a   pp  pp  ii       tt                  
       zz    zz  aa  aaa  a  ppppp   ii       tt                  
      Zz    zzzzzazzaaaaazza pp zzzzziizzzzzz tt zzzz z z  z   z  
     zz        aa  a    aa  app      ii       tt                  
    Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz pp zzzzzzzzzzzzz tt zzzz z z  z   z  
             aa  a        aa pp     iiii      tt                  
                                                                  
==================================================================
```

# Z API Test (ZAPIT)

*Zapit* is a simple Javascript-based Web API test harness that can be run from the command line and thus easily hooked into any CICD platform.

*Zapit* scripts are written using Javascript.

## Building Zapit

Use the shell scripts in the root of the project to build the *Zapit* executable for your target platform.

## Using Zapit

1. Create an empty Javascript file.
2. Write a test plan therein.
3. Run the test plan script using *Zapit*.

Execute *Zapit* with no command line parameters, or pass ```help```, for help in getting started:

#### Linux

```$ ./zapit help```

#### Mac OS

```% ./zapit-mac help```

#### Windows

```Zapit.exe help```

## Licenses

The intent of free software is that software should be free for **all** its users.

*Zapit* is **open-source** software licensed **GNU GPL version 2** and copyright (c) Martin James Hunter. You may use the software for free, but please do read the provided ```LICENSE``` file for more info on what the GNU GPL v2 license means for you if you intend to change the code or incorporate it into a product of your own that you plan to distribute.

For the purpose of licensing, works that are considered to be derived from this program include any code generated by a system that leverages the content of this program's code base as a basis for its outputs. For example, if you use this program code to train an AI, and then use that AI to generate code, you may need to distribute the derived code under the GNU GPL v2 license. The license applies to both human- and machine-generated output that is based on this program’s code base.

*Zapit* uses three libraries which are licensed on their own terms:

```Jurassic``` (https://github.com/paulbartrum/jurassic) **MIT License**

```Newtonsoft.Json``` (https://www.newtonsoft.com/json) **MIT License**

```RestSharp``` (https://restsharp.dev) **Apache 2.0 License**

Please read these licenses of these libraries for further details on their limitations and your obligations in using them.